Update the readme with correct release workflow (#348)
leukeleu/django-hidp: README.md

## Releasing

> Publishing a release is done by creating a new release on GitHub, double checking the PRs and then
> clicking the "Publish release" button. This will create a new release, tag the commit with the
> version number, and trigger the `release` workflow which will build and push the Python package
> to PyPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each PR merged to `main` will automatically run the `release-drafter` workflow. This will create/update
draft releases for the next final release. The draft release will contain all the PRs merged since the 
previous release.

Publishing a release is done by editing the draft release, double checking the PRs and then clicking the
"Publish release" button. This will create a new release and tag the commit with the version number.
This tag will trigger the `release` workflow which will build and push the Python package to PyPI.
```

The existing text was already correct, only the prerelease part should be removed.
